Add: percentage event volume (#2663)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts-notifications/notifications/index.mdx

Sentry sends all owners of the organization emails when:

- 80% of the error volume has depleted

> - Any data type (errors or events) has exceeded the quota

Author: @maheskett does this include transaction data?

Reviewer: Yes, I think this sounds reasonable:

```
- 80% of the error volume has been depleted
- Errors or transactions have exceeded quota
```

Also, the notion doc is for our own use as many of these notifications are in flux, so I'd just use your best judgement about what makes sense to share in the public docs.

Author: @adhiraj are you okay with these recent updates?

Reviewer 2: +1 to megan's suggestion "Errors or transactions have exceeded their quota"

> - 80% of the error volume has depleted
> - Errors or transactions have exceeded the quota
>   - Includes on-demand
>   - Email also sent to billing roles

Reviewer 3: This is a bit confusing as worded. Suggestions below:
```suggestion
- 80% of the organization's error volume has been depleted
- Errors or transactions have exceeded the organization's quota, which includes on-demand capacity
- On-demand capacity is activated
- Spike protection is either activated or deactivated

An email is also sent to the user assigned the billing role for the organization.
```

> - On-demand is activated
> - Spike protection is activated or deactivated

Reviewer 3: Incorporated above, so can be removed.
```suggestion

```

Reviewer 3: Removing these altogether, as this isn't correct.
